DOC: Update lesion ROI documentation, warn in docs and app about upcoming changes (#2943)
nipreps/fmriprep: docs/faq.rst

After getting the resources you'll need, you will just need to make sure your
runtime environment is able to access the filesystem, at the location of your
*TemplateFlow home* directory.

> If you are a Singularity user, please check out `TemplateFlow and Singularity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an Apptainer (formerly Singularity) user, please check out `TemplateFlow and Singularity
```
